Tighten Home Page Communication with CTA to Quickstart (#694)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/index.mdx

<div className={'front-matter'}>
  <div>
    Hasura DDN streamlines the development and operation of modern federated data APIs, <Link to="/basics/background/">solving key challenges</Link> in the process.

    With powerful tooling and a code-driven workflow, Hasura DDN is not just an improvement in the data access

>     portion of the product development lifecycle, but a complete game-changer in the way APIs are created, run, and managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    portion of the product development lifecycle, but a complete game-changer in the way you create, run, and manage APIs.
```

Just a small suggestion to remove the passive voice here.
